# Why a blog in 2025
- Well, every cool kid have one, so why couldn't I ?
- To be honest i don't expect anyone to actually read this, what I want to create is just a space for me to give out to the world some of my ideas.
-
- I spend a lot of time thinking about the current state of technology and it's impact to our society that keeping all of that to myself feels almost selfish. Or wasted time, you choose
- A blog seems like the easiest way to do that.
- ## How is this made
- I just spent the last night finding out a way to get free hosting and publishing of my Logseq notes. I always wanted to do that.
- It all started from some sort of service that takes my notes, finds the correct *tag* meaning that the rest of the content should be brought online, and that's done. All of this while being inside the note-taking repo I use for everything
- The problem with that is having the static site generator ([Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) in this case) and the actual notes in two different repos is a no-go. And clearly i cannot stand cluttering my notes repo with that code
- > The problem here lies in the `build` stage of the hugo website, that needs all the `*.md` files to be inside the correct folder of the code, in order to be converted to HTML and published. This is very unfortunate, because it means that the whole site needs to be rebuilt if I want to add a note. They're not *just-in-time* translated
- ### The 80-20 solution
- So i decided to take the easy route:  a new Logseq graph, that is basically a new folder for notes, placed in the repo alongisde the code
- It means that yes, I need to switch graph when I want to publish something, but separation of concerns is not a big deal, while it's still possible for me to use my beloved Logseq to do that. I will write about it some time
- ### Hosting
-
-
-